Adding ID bearing requirement (#40)
c2pa-org/softbinding-algorithm-list: README.md

C2PA's Technical Working Group may also decide to remove malicious or non-conformant entries from the list of approved soft binding algorithms.

For an entry to be approved the following criteria are important:
- The entry has to comply with the [schema](softbinding-algorithm-list-schema.json) and include all the mandatory fields.
For a PR (new entry or update) to be approved the following criteria are important:
- The entry has to conform with the [schema](softbinding-algorithm-list-schema.json) and include all the mandatory fields.

> - The entry should not be malicious (e.g., spam) or harmful.

Author: ```suggestion
- The entry shall not appear to be malicious (e.g., spam) or harmful.
```

- The PR has to be submitted by an individual affiliated with the company owning the submitted proprietary algorithm or a maintainer of the submitted open source algorithm or its fork.
- The provided URLs have to successfully resolve (e.g., `softBindingResolutionApis`, `informationalUrl`).

> - The algorithm covered by the entry should support embedding or extracting a soft binding identifier for the purpose of manifest recovery. 

Author: ```suggestion
- The algorithm covered by the entry shall support embedding, extracting, or both, of a soft binding identifier for the purpose of manifest recovery. 
```
